cd src && make all
make[1]: Entering directory '/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/apps/c/redis/src'
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MM acl.c adlist.c ae.c anet.c aof.c bio.c bitops.c blocked.c call_reply.c childinfo.c cluster.c commands.c config.c connection.c crc16.c crc64.c crcspeed.c db.c debug.c defrag.c dict.c endianconv.c eval.c evict.c expire.c function_lua.c functions.c geo.c geohash.c geohash_helper.c hyperloglog.c intset.c latency.c lazyfree.c listpack.c localtime.c logreqres.c lolwut.c lolwut5.c lolwut6.c lzf_c.c lzf_d.c memtest.c module.c monotonic.c mt19937-64.c multi.c networking.c notify.c object.c pqsort.c pubsub.c quicklist.c rand.c rax.c rdb.c redis-check-aof.c redis-check-rdb.c release.c replication.c resp_parser.c rio.c script.c script_lua.c sds.c sentinel.c server.c setcpuaffinity.c setproctitle.c sha1.c sha256.c siphash.c slowlog.c socket.c sort.c sparkline.c strl.c syncio.c syscheck.c t_hash.c t_list.c t_set.c t_stream.c t_string.c t_zset.c timeout.c tls.c tracking.c unix.c util.c ziplist.c zipmap.c zmalloc.c > Makefile.dep 2> /dev/null || true
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o adlist.o -c adlist.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o quicklist.o -c quicklist.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o ae.o -c ae.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o anet.o -c anet.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o dict.o -c dict.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o server.o -c server.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o sds.o -c sds.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o zmalloc.o -c zmalloc.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o lzf_c.o -c lzf_c.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o lzf_d.o -c lzf_d.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o pqsort.o -c pqsort.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o zipmap.o -c zipmap.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o sha1.o -c sha1.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o ziplist.o -c ziplist.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o release.o -c release.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o networking.o -c networking.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o util.o -c util.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o object.o -c object.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o db.o -c db.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o replication.o -c replication.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o rdb.o -c rdb.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o t_string.o -c t_string.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o t_list.o -c t_list.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o t_set.o -c t_set.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o t_zset.o -c t_zset.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o t_hash.o -c t_hash.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o config.o -c config.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o aof.o -c aof.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o pubsub.o -c pubsub.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o multi.o -c multi.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o debug.o -c debug.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o sort.o -c sort.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o intset.o -c intset.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o syncio.o -c syncio.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o cluster.o -c cluster.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o crc16.o -c crc16.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o endianconv.o -c endianconv.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o slowlog.o -c slowlog.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o eval.o -c eval.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o bio.o -c bio.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o rio.o -c rio.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o rand.o -c rand.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o memtest.o -c memtest.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o syscheck.o -c syscheck.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o crcspeed.o -c crcspeed.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o crc64.o -c crc64.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o bitops.o -c bitops.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o sentinel.o -c sentinel.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o notify.o -c notify.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o setproctitle.o -c setproctitle.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o blocked.o -c blocked.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o hyperloglog.o -c hyperloglog.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o latency.o -c latency.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o sparkline.o -c sparkline.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o redis-check-rdb.o -c redis-check-rdb.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o redis-check-aof.o -c redis-check-aof.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o geo.o -c geo.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o lazyfree.o -c lazyfree.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o module.o -c module.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o evict.o -c evict.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o expire.o -c expire.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o geohash.o -c geohash.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o geohash_helper.o -c geohash_helper.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o childinfo.o -c childinfo.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o defrag.o -c defrag.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o siphash.o -c siphash.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o rax.o -c rax.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o t_stream.o -c t_stream.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o listpack.o -c listpack.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o localtime.o -c localtime.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o lolwut.o -c lolwut.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o lolwut5.o -c lolwut5.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o lolwut6.o -c lolwut6.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o acl.o -c acl.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o tracking.o -c tracking.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o socket.o -c socket.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o tls.o -c tls.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o sha256.o -c sha256.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o timeout.o -c timeout.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o setcpuaffinity.o -c setcpuaffinity.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o monotonic.o -c monotonic.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o mt19937-64.o -c mt19937-64.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o resp_parser.o -c resp_parser.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o call_reply.o -c call_reply.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o script_lua.o -c script_lua.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o script.o -c script.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o functions.o -c functions.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o function_lua.o -c function_lua.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o commands.o -c commands.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o strl.o -c strl.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o connection.o -c connection.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o unix.o -c unix.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc -pedantic -DREDIS_STATIC= -std=c11 -Wall -W -Wno-missing-field-initializers -Werror=deprecated-declarations -O3 -g -ggdb -nostdinc -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -Werror -Wno-unused-parameter -Wno-int-conversion -Wno-restrict -Wno-format -nostdinc -fno-builtin -I/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/ulib/c_libax/include -I../deps/hiredis -I../deps/linenoise -I../deps/lua/src -I../deps/hdr_histogram -I../deps/fpconv -MMD -o logreqres.o -c logreqres.c
aarch64-linux-musl-gcc  -flto -g -ggdb -rdynamic -o redis-server adlist.o quicklist.o ae.o anet.o dict.o server.o sds.o zmalloc.o lzf_c.o lzf_d.o pqsort.o zipmap.o sha1.o ziplist.o release.o networking.o util.o object.o db.o replication.o rdb.o t_string.o t_list.o t_set.o t_zset.o t_hash.o config.o aof.o pubsub.o multi.o debug.o sort.o intset.o syncio.o cluster.o crc16.o endianconv.o slowlog.o eval.o bio.o rio.o rand.o memtest.o syscheck.o crcspeed.o crc64.o bitops.o sentinel.o notify.o setproctitle.o blocked.o hyperloglog.o latency.o sparkline.o redis-check-rdb.o redis-check-aof.o geo.o lazyfree.o module.o evict.o expire.o geohash.o geohash_helper.o childinfo.o defrag.o siphash.o rax.o t_stream.o listpack.o localtime.o lolwut.o lolwut5.o lolwut6.o acl.o tracking.o socket.o tls.o sha256.o timeout.o setcpuaffinity.o monotonic.o mt19937-64.o resp_parser.o call_reply.o script_lua.o script.o functions.o function_lua.o commands.o strl.o connection.o unix.o logreqres.o ../deps/hiredis/libhiredis.a ../deps/lua/src/liblua.a ../deps/hdr_histogram/libhdrhistogram.a ../deps/fpconv/libfpconv.a -lm -ldl -pthread -lrt

Hint: It's a good idea to run 'make test' ;)

make[1]: Leaving directory '/home/yanjuguang/OS/arceos/apps/c/redis/src'
